---
tags:
- The_Story
- Artifact/The_Atlas_of_Creation
---
# Key Events
- We fuse the _Keeper's Tome_ and the _Infinity Locus_ at **Gods Mouth**, making _The Book of True Names_
	- Everyone except Clay, Niko, and Jack go

When we get to **Gods Mouth**, we see Lolsa and Ulneth at [[Behind the Divide/Characters/Onryx, the World Forger|Onryx]]'s [[The_World_Forge|World Forge]]. Solumn and I go to meet them and Lolsa turns to us and we begin to converse. Lolsa tells us that Ulneth is trying to complete Stormbreaker. I summon _End_ and _Beginning_ to show them, but am told that _Beginning_ isn't ready to be fused with _End_. 

While Solumn and I talk with Lolsa, Meridian begins the ritual to fuse the two tomes. He goes to [[Behind the Divide/Characters/Solari, the White Moon|Solari]]'s chamber. Meridian is guided while doing the ritual to speak in the language of true magic. 

After talking with Ulneth and Lolsa, I go to find Aterna's room. Her throne is clouds and the room is very bright. A perfect sunny day that extends forever. 

Boaos tells Wynfrid that Dalamar is now a lich. We will have to trap his soul in order to kill him. **Soul Cage (Spell)** or items that can capture his soul can help. Rings of Mind Shielding can hold his soul along with Jars of Sealing. 

He also tells Wynfrid that [[Xinzounux]] has been lost to madness now that he is a lich. 

Meridian completes the ritual and we go back to Lava's shop. 

- We begin teleporting to Lily's Temple of Ochena

While there, we start to hatch a plan to kill Dalamar. (See below) 

## Notes
- We have simulacrums of [[Silothgroth/Characters/Lava|Lava]] and [[Lisandra]] made
- To defeat Dalamar, we have to either seal his soul or break his phylactery. 
	- Phylactery is either at his tower or on his person
	- Soul can be sealed with the spell _Soul Cage_ or with items like Ring of Mind Shielding or Jar of Sealing
		- Lykin has a Ring of Mind Shielding
		- Jack has _Soul Cage_

### Plan for Next Session
1) **Dispel Magic** on Dalamar to try to get rid of **Contigencies** / **Glyphs**
2) **Magic Circle**  on Dalamar to trap him
3) Meridian swaps places with Azrael who goes ham
4) Someone casts **Silence** on the magic circle 
5) Everyone goes ham on him while Lykin is in range to place the ring of mind shielding on him when he's about to drop 
	- Meridian has an idea for how to do this using **Time Stop**
	- Set & Scale can grapple him with Clay & Azrael 
6) If that doesn't work, Jack / Lily are there to **Soul Cage** him 
7) Meridian can cast **Force Cage** if necessary

We can store some people in a **Demiplane** to drop them on him. 

Basically, outside of these things, we want everyone ready to counterspell, disable, and damage Dalamar as much as possible, right? I'm sure I'm missing something. Sovereign glue(funny, but also, if it works, what an amazing payoff)

# NPC Interactions
- [NPC Name]: [Interaction/Outcome]

# Combat Encounters
- [Monster Name(s)]: [Outcome]