---
title: Session - 2023-05-19
tags:
- DnD/Kargaroth/The_Story
---
# Key Events
[Last Session I forgot to take notes] Set used the spark of divinity to pray to his god (Seraphina?). Our future selves come in when [[Xinzounux]] tries to break the veil with [[Solumn]]. They say we have to kill Solumn. We try to get into position to teleport away, but we still need to try to get some items off of [[Dalamar]]

>[Note] Dalamar has sovereign glue on his eyes and dimensional shackles on his hands. 

- [[Clay]] rips Dalamar's helmet off. 
- I ([[Azrael]]) search his body and find the [[Necronomicon]]

The light around Solumn grows and we see a man (?) at the top of the pillar

Future Clay comes down into pool and says, "I know it makes no sense, but we have to save Dalamar"

Dalamar tried to get me to drop the book, but I resisted his spell and kept ahold of it

Future Azrael and Future Clay do a Sphere of Annhiliation-Atherius Blaster combo

Through some more fighting, Niko and Jack teleport away, then a few rounds later, the remainder of us teleport with Dalamar (after removing the shackles)

The remainder of us teleport to some ruins. We slap the dimensional shackles back onto Dalamar. 

Our future selves follow us and tell us that the gods are here. [[Byvitar, the Trickster|Byvitar]] consumed/fused with Solumn, making [[Ishmanor]] a crater.  

In the future, [[Lily]] and Scale merge together. 

Future Wynfrid sees Byvitar consume Chaos after consuming Solumn. 

We learn that [[Set]] is Seraphina's Future Champion #DnD/Kargaroth/God/Seraphina/Champion

The most critical thing for us to do is convince Dalamar to help us so he can keep Xinzounux occupied while the remainder of the party converts Xinzounux. 

F Wynfrid & F Azrael are married

Lily will need the Necronomicon in the future. 

We are in the darkest timeline and this is the last timeline that Chaos needs to be defeated in. 