---
tags:
- DnD/Kargaroth/Artifact/The_Atlas_of_Creation/The_Book_of_True_Names
---

# Notes
This book functions as both the Infinite Locus and The Keepers Tome and gains the following bonuses 
**True Magic**: 
Divine Spell - Conjure Divinity Level 10th Casting Time - 1 Hour Range/Area - 30 ft. Components - A Spark of divinity which is consumed, a tuning fork to the god's divine realm.VSM* Duration - 1 Minute School - Conjuration Attack/Save - None Damage/Effect - Summoning Regardless of distance or obstacles you can speak the true name of a god and summon them within 30 ft of you. Bound and shackled to your will for the duration. After which they may make a charisma saving throw to free themselves. Little Black Book You learn the True name of whatever creature you focus on. This ability recharges every full moon.

The Keeper's Tome The pages of this book are bound in fiend hide, and its cover is embossed with a diagram of the Great Wheel of the multiverse. When found, the book contains the following spells: Conjure Elemental Find Familiar, Magic Circle Planar Ally Planar Binding, Summon Elemental It functions as a spellbook for you. While you are holding the book, you can use it as a spellcasting focus for your wizard spells. The book has 3 charges, and it regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn. You can use the charges in the following ways while holding it: If you spend 1 minute studying the book, you can expend 1 charge to replace one of your prepared wizard spells with a different spell in the book. The new spell must be of the conjuration school. When you cast a conjuration spell that summons or creates one creature, you can expend 1 charge to grant that creature advantage on attack rolls for 1 minute.

Divine Spell - Bound Soul Level 9th Casting Time - 1 Minute Range/Area - 30 ft. Components - VS and a Bound Soul Duration - 1 Hours (C) School - Conjuration Attack/Save - None Damage/Effect - Summoining Each casting of this spell you may choose one or the other effect: Binding Soul You may bind a soul as if you were casting Planar Binding the duration of which is permanent. However this summoning only lasts 1 hour. You may have a number of Bound Souls equal to one for every unique tuning fork consumed by this tome. Each bound soul must correspond to a denizen native to that plane. Summon Bound Soul You may choose one of your bound souls and summon them for the duration you control over them lasts 1 hour until they then return back from where they were summoned. While summoned in this way they are under your control, and treat you as an ally. Insect Cloud While holding the book, you can use your action and expend one charge to cause a swarm of harmless flying insects to spread out in a 30 foot radius from you. The insects remain for 10 minutes, making the area heavily obscured for creatures other than you, and granting you +2 AC for the duration. The swarm moves with you, remaining centered on you. A wind of at least 10 miles per hour disperses the swarm and ends the effect. Empowered Summoning All Summoning spells cast by you act as if they were cast at one level higher while holding this book.

Infinite Locus - Tome of Space This thick book is bound in dark leather, crisscrossed with inlaid silver line suggesting a map or chart. When found, the book contains the following spells, which are wizard spells for you while you are attuned to the book: Arcane Gate Dimension Door Gate Misty Step Plane shift Teleportation Circle Word of Recall It functions as a spellbook for you. While you are holding the book, you can use it as a spellcasting focus for your wizard spells. The book has 3 charges, and it regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn. You can use the charges in the following ways while holding it: If you spend 1 minute studying the book, you can expend 1 charge to replace one of your prepared wizard spells with a different spell in the book. The new spell must be of the conjuration school. When you are hit by an attack, you can use your reaction to expend 1 charge to teleport up to 10 feet to an unoccupied space you can see. If your new position is out of range of the attack, it misses you. 

Divine Spell - Ethereal Rift Level - 10th Casting Time - Action Range/Area - 100 ft. Components - A spark of divinity which is consumed, VSM* Duration - Instantaneous School - Conjuration Attack/Save - None Damage/Effect - Teleportation This spell instantly transports you and up to 99 willing creatures within range to any location on any plane or demiplane you know of on this side of the divine divide. No wards or teleportation prevention magic can prevent this transportation. This spell cannot be dispelled or countered in any way.

World Map: For any given location, once per day you can flip through the pages of your tome and roll a percentile die. 01-15 - No map on the location is found 16-30 - a high level overview of the kingdom which location resides in is found 31-60 - a general map of the province which the location resides in is found 61-80 - a detailed map of the area and nearby of the location in found 81-95 - the above effect, but any secret passage ways and/or underground tunnels are also revealed 96-00 - the above effect, and the scale is set to battlemap (1 inch equals 5 feet) You may always select a lower roll if that is desired. Planar Pages: Any tuning forks you acquire can be copied by the pages of the tome allowing you to travel to them. You also gain one free casting of Plane Shift once per day which resets on a long rest. Teleportation Ticket: You may cast Teleport without expending a spellslot, you may do so up to 3 times per day. This recharges on a long rest.